Little Thousand Knives is just like that
Lao Tzu, my tranquility can even break through the way of heaven
Isn't that in this world
From then on, nothing can be bound
Bound you old man
Of course!
Hahahahaha calling on the ancestor Xiaoyao Tiandi
I have been in seclusion for thirty years
All because of the descendants who burned incense for me
Life is amazing
My good grandson is out of luck because of this
Humiliated
I feel ashamed
The suffering of the old ancestor and young master for thousands of years
The subordinates also know a bit
You just told us before you went into seclusion.
Don't disturb your family
So that's it.
Skyfall adults avoid their sex
I'm back today
When sending him to the top
By the way, Sword Immortal Hall
How has the past 30 years developed?
Return to the Ancestor Sword Immortal Palace and rule the world like a king
Countless disciples
Hahahaha good
The Sword Immortal Palace was accidentally taken by my power Hongcheng back then
That being the case
You have to find an opportunity to put my grandson in charge
Obey the law of the ancestors
ancestor
Your exit is the top priority of my Sword Immortal Palace
Why don't you come back to the Sword Immortal Palace with us first?
Let the disciples of the Sword Immortal Palace
Feel your extraordinary victory
It is also good to make some preparations for the succession of the young master
Every one or two days
Morality is fine
Go first
Congratulations to the ancestor